#An exposition with practical observations continued upon the fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh chapters of the Book of Job being the substance of XXXV lectures delivered at Magnus near the bridge, London / by Joseph Caryl.#

##Caryl, Joseph, 1602-1673.##
An exposition with practical observations continued upon the fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh chapters of the Book of Job being the substance of XXXV lectures delivered at Magnus near the bridge, London / by Joseph Caryl.
Caryl, Joseph, 1602-1673.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A35/A35438.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A35/A35438.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-07918781e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2013-04__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2013-04__ __Apex CoVantage__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2013-06__ __John Pas__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2013-06__ __John Pas__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2014-03__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####
 AN EXPOSITION WITH Practical Obſervations CONTINUED Upon the Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Chapt
1. To the Chriſtian READER.

#####Body#####

1. AN EXPOSITION Upon the Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Chapters of the Book of JOB.
JOB Chap. 4. Verſe1. Then Eliphaz the Temanite anſwered and ſaid.2. If we aſſay to commune with theeJOB Chap. 4. Verſe1. Then Eliphaz the Temanite anſwered and ſaid.2. If we aſſay to commune with theeJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 7, 8.Remember I pray thee, who ever periſhed being innocent? or where were the rJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 9, 10, 11.By the blaſt of God they periſh, and by the breath of his noſtrils areJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 9, 10, 11.Now a thing was ſecretly brought unto me, and mine eare received a litJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 14, 15, 16.Feare came upon me and trembling, which made all my bones to ſhake.ThJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 17.Shall mortall man be more juſt than God? ſhall a man be more pure than his MaJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 18.Behold he put no truſt in his ſervants, and his Angels he charged with folly.JOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 19, 20, 21.How much leſſe on them that dwell in houſes of clay, whoſe foundationJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 1, 2.Call now if there be any that will anſwer thee, and to which of the Saints JOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 3, 4, 5.I have ſeen the fooliſh taking root, but ſuddenly I curſed his habitatioJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 6, 7, 8.Although affliction cometh not forth of the duſt, neither doth trouble ſJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 9.Which doth great things and unſearchable; marvellous things without number, &cJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 10, 11, 12.Who giveth raine upon the earth, and ſendeth waters upon the fields.TJOB Chap. 5. Verſ. 13, 14, 15. 16.He taketh the wiſe in their own craftines; and the counſell of theJOB Chap. 5. Verſ. 17, 18.Behold happy is the man, whom God correcteth, therefore deſpiſe not thou tJOB, Chap. 5. Verſ. 19, 20, 21.He ſhall deliver thee in ſix troubles, yea in ſeven there ſhall no evJOB Chap. 5. Verſ. 24, 25, 26, 27.And thou ſhalt know that thy Tabernacle ſhall be in peace, and thoJOB, Chap. 6. Verſ. 1, 2, 3.But Job anſwered, and ſaid.O that my griefe were throughly weighed, and JOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 4, 5, 6, 7.For the arrowes of the Almighty are within me, the poyſon whereof drinJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 8, 9, 10, &c.O that I might have my requeſt! and that God would grant me the thinJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 11, 12, 13, 14.What is my ſtrength, that I ſhould hope? And what is mine end thatJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 15-22.My brethren have dealt deceitfully as a brooke, and as the ſtream of brooksJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 22, 23, 24, 25.Did I ſay, bring unto me? or give a reward for me of your ſubſtancJOB Chap. 6. verſ. 26, 27, 28, 29, 30.Doe ye imagine to reprove words, and the ſpeeches of one that JOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 1, 2, 3, 4.Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth? are not his dayes alJOB Chap. 7. verſ. 5, 6, 7, 8.My fleſh is cloathed with wormes, and clods of duſt, my skin is brokenJOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16.Therefore I will not refraine my mouth, I will ſpeake in tJOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 17, 18. 19.What is man, that thou ſhouldeſt magnifie him? and that thou ſhouldeſtJOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 20, 21.I have ſinned, what ſhall I do unto thee, O thou preſerver of men? why haſJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 1, 2.Call now if there be any that will anſwer thee, and to which of the Saints JOB Chap. 4. Verſe1. Then Eliphaz the Temanite anſwered and ſaid.2. If we aſſay to commune with theeJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 7, 8.Remember I pray thee, who ever periſhed being innocent? or where were the rJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 9, 10, 11.By the blaſt of God they periſh, and by the breath of his noſtrils areJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 9, 10, 11.Now a thing was ſecretly brought unto me, and mine eare received a litJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 14, 15, 16.Feare came upon me and trembling, which made all my bones to ſhake.ThJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 17.Shall mortall man be more juſt than God? ſhall a man be more pure than his MaJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 18.Behold he put no truſt in his ſervants, and his Angels he charged with folly.JOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 19, 20, 21.How much leſſe on them that dwell in houſes of clay, whoſe foundationJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 1, 2.Call now if there be any that will anſwer thee, and to which of the Saints JOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 3, 4, 5.I have ſeen the fooliſh taking root, but ſuddenly I curſed his habitatioJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 6, 7, 8.Although affliction cometh not forth of the duſt, neither doth trouble ſJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 9.Which doth great things and unſearchable; marvellous things without number, &cJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 10, 11, 12.Who giveth raine upon the earth, and ſendeth waters upon the fields.TJOB Chap. 5. Verſ. 13, 14, 15. 16.He taketh the wiſe in their own craftines; and the counſell of theJOB Chap. 5. Verſ. 17, 18.Behold happy is the man, whom God correcteth, therefore deſpiſe not thou tJOB, Chap. 5. Verſ. 19, 20, 21.He ſhall deliver thee in ſix troubles, yea in ſeven there ſhall no evJOB Chap. 5. Verſ. 24, 25, 26, 27.And thou ſhalt know that thy Tabernacle ſhall be in peace, and thoJOB, Chap. 6. Verſ. 1, 2, 3.But Job anſwered, and ſaid.O that my griefe were throughly weighed, and JOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 4, 5, 6, 7.For the arrowes of the Almighty are within me, the poyſon whereof drinJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 8, 9, 10, &c.O that I might have my requeſt! and that God would grant me the thinJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 11, 12, 13, 14.What is my ſtrength, that I ſhould hope? And what is mine end thatJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 15-22.My brethren have dealt deceitfully as a brooke, and as the ſtream of brooksJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 22, 23, 24, 25.Did I ſay, bring unto me? or give a reward for me of your ſubſtancJOB Chap. 6. verſ. 26, 27, 28, 29, 30.Doe ye imagine to reprove words, and the ſpeeches of one that JOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 1, 2, 3, 4.Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth? are not his dayes alJOB Chap. 7. verſ. 5, 6, 7, 8.My fleſh is cloathed with wormes, and clods of duſt, my skin is brokenJOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16.Therefore I will not refraine my mouth, I will ſpeake in tJOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 17, 18. 19.What is man, that thou ſhouldeſt magnifie him? and that thou ſhouldeſtJOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 20, 21.I have ſinned, what ſhall I do unto thee, O thou preſerver of men? why haſJOB, Chap. 6. Verſ. 1, 2, 3.But Job anſwered, and ſaid.O that my griefe were throughly weighed, and JOB Chap. 4. Verſe1. Then Eliphaz the Temanite anſwered and ſaid.2. If we aſſay to commune with theeJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 7, 8.Remember I pray thee, who ever periſhed being innocent? or where were the rJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 9, 10, 11.By the blaſt of God they periſh, and by the breath of his noſtrils areJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 9, 10, 11.Now a thing was ſecretly brought unto me, and mine eare received a litJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 14, 15, 16.Feare came upon me and trembling, which made all my bones to ſhake.ThJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 17.Shall mortall man be more juſt than God? ſhall a man be more pure than his MaJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 18.Behold he put no truſt in his ſervants, and his Angels he charged with folly.JOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 19, 20, 21.How much leſſe on them that dwell in houſes of clay, whoſe foundationJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 1, 2.Call now if there be any that will anſwer thee, and to which of the Saints JOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 3, 4, 5.I have ſeen the fooliſh taking root, but ſuddenly I curſed his habitatioJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 6, 7, 8.Although affliction cometh not forth of the duſt, neither doth trouble ſJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 9.Which doth great things and unſearchable; marvellous things without number, &cJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 10, 11, 12.Who giveth raine upon the earth, and ſendeth waters upon the fields.TJOB Chap. 5. Verſ. 13, 14, 15. 16.He taketh the wiſe in their own craftines; and the counſell of theJOB Chap. 5. Verſ. 17, 18.Behold happy is the man, whom God correcteth, therefore deſpiſe not thou tJOB, Chap. 5. Verſ. 19, 20, 21.He ſhall deliver thee in ſix troubles, yea in ſeven there ſhall no evJOB Chap. 5. Verſ. 24, 25, 26, 27.And thou ſhalt know that thy Tabernacle ſhall be in peace, and thoJOB, Chap. 6. Verſ. 1, 2, 3.But Job anſwered, and ſaid.O that my griefe were throughly weighed, and JOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 4, 5, 6, 7.For the arrowes of the Almighty are within me, the poyſon whereof drinJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 8, 9, 10, &c.O that I might have my requeſt! and that God would grant me the thinJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 11, 12, 13, 14.What is my ſtrength, that I ſhould hope? And what is mine end thatJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 15-22.My brethren have dealt deceitfully as a brooke, and as the ſtream of brooksJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 22, 23, 24, 25.Did I ſay, bring unto me? or give a reward for me of your ſubſtancJOB Chap. 6. verſ. 26, 27, 28, 29, 30.Doe ye imagine to reprove words, and the ſpeeches of one that JOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 1, 2, 3, 4.Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth? are not his dayes alJOB Chap. 7. verſ. 5, 6, 7, 8.My fleſh is cloathed with wormes, and clods of duſt, my skin is brokenJOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16.Therefore I will not refraine my mouth, I will ſpeake in tJOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 17, 18. 19.What is man, that thou ſhouldeſt magnifie him? and that thou ſhouldeſtJOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 20, 21.I have ſinned, what ſhall I do unto thee, O thou preſerver of men? why haſJOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 1, 2, 3, 4.Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth? are not his dayes alJOB Chap. 4. Verſe1. Then Eliphaz the Temanite anſwered and ſaid.2. If we aſſay to commune with theeJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 7, 8.Remember I pray thee, who ever periſhed being innocent? or where were the rJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 9, 10, 11.By the blaſt of God they periſh, and by the breath of his noſtrils areJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 9, 10, 11.Now a thing was ſecretly brought unto me, and mine eare received a litJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 14, 15, 16.Feare came upon me and trembling, which made all my bones to ſhake.ThJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 17.Shall mortall man be more juſt than God? ſhall a man be more pure than his MaJOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 18.Behold he put no truſt in his ſervants, and his Angels he charged with folly.JOB. Chap. 4. Verſ. 19, 20, 21.How much leſſe on them that dwell in houſes of clay, whoſe foundationJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 1, 2.Call now if there be any that will anſwer thee, and to which of the Saints JOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 3, 4, 5.I have ſeen the fooliſh taking root, but ſuddenly I curſed his habitatioJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 6, 7, 8.Although affliction cometh not forth of the duſt, neither doth trouble ſJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 9.Which doth great things and unſearchable; marvellous things without number, &cJOB. Chap. 5. Verſ. 10, 11, 12.Who giveth raine upon the earth, and ſendeth waters upon the fields.TJOB Chap. 5. Verſ. 13, 14, 15. 16.He taketh the wiſe in their own craftines; and the counſell of theJOB Chap. 5. Verſ. 17, 18.Behold happy is the man, whom God correcteth, therefore deſpiſe not thou tJOB, Chap. 5. Verſ. 19, 20, 21.He ſhall deliver thee in ſix troubles, yea in ſeven there ſhall no evJOB Chap. 5. Verſ. 24, 25, 26, 27.And thou ſhalt know that thy Tabernacle ſhall be in peace, and thoJOB, Chap. 6. Verſ. 1, 2, 3.But Job anſwered, and ſaid.O that my griefe were throughly weighed, and JOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 4, 5, 6, 7.For the arrowes of the Almighty are within me, the poyſon whereof drinJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 8, 9, 10, &c.O that I might have my requeſt! and that God would grant me the thinJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 11, 12, 13, 14.What is my ſtrength, that I ſhould hope? And what is mine end thatJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 15-22.My brethren have dealt deceitfully as a brooke, and as the ſtream of brooksJOB Chap. 6. Verſ. 22, 23, 24, 25.Did I ſay, bring unto me? or give a reward for me of your ſubſtancJOB Chap. 6. verſ. 26, 27, 28, 29, 30.Doe ye imagine to reprove words, and the ſpeeches of one that JOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 1, 2, 3, 4.Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth? are not his dayes alJOB Chap. 7. verſ. 5, 6, 7, 8.My fleſh is cloathed with wormes, and clods of duſt, my skin is brokenJOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16.Therefore I will not refraine my mouth, I will ſpeake in tJOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 17, 18. 19.What is man, that thou ſhouldeſt magnifie him? and that thou ſhouldeſtJOB Chap. 7. Verſ. 20, 21.I have ſinned, what ſhall I do unto thee, O thou preſerver of men? why haſ
#####Back#####

1. A TABLE, Directing to ſome ſpecial Points noted in the precedent Expoſitions.

1. A Table of thoſe Scriptures, which are occaſionally cleared and briefly illuſtrated in the fore-going EXPOSITIONS. The firſt Number directs to the Chapter, the ſecond to the verſe, the the third to the page of the BOOK.

**Types of content**

  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 1421 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (1421) : illegible (951), foreign (466), duplicate (4)  •  @__resp__ (951) : #KEYERS (951)  •  @__extent__ (955) : 1 letter (808), 2 letters (104), 3 letters (10), 1 word (12), 1 span (14), 4 letters (3), 1 page (4)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|áèàùéòâëêï |225 232 224 249 233 242 226 235 234 239 160|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|Latin Extended-B|Ʋ|434|
|Combining             Diacritical Marks|̄|772|
|General Punctuation|•—…†|8226 8212 8230 8224|
|Geometric Shapes|▪◊|9642 9674|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2014-11 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), OCLC (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|5||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|1||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__am__|63||
|2.|__back__|1||
|3.|__bibl__|30||
|4.|__body__|1||
|5.|__cell__|2142| @__role__ (171) : label (171)|
|6.|__closer__|1||
|7.|__date__|1||
|8.|__dateline__|1||
|9.|__desc__|1421||
|10.|__div__|38| @__type__ (38) : title_page (1), to_the_reader (1), commentary_on_Job (1), chapter (4), verses (26), verse (3), subject_index (1), Scripture_index (1)  •  @__n__ (33) : 4 (1), 1-6 (1), 7-8 (1), 9-11 (1), 12-13 (1), 14-16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19-21 (2), 5 (1), 1-2 (1), 3-5 (1), 6-8 (1), 9 (1), 10-12 (1), 13-16 (1), 17-18 (1), 24-27 (1), 6 (1), 1-3 (1), 4-7 (1), 8-11 (1), 11-14 (1), 15-22 (1), 22-25 (1), 26-30 (1), 7 (1), 1-4 (1), 5-8 (1), 11-16 (1), 17-19 (1), 20-21 (1)|
|11.|__epigraph__|29||
|12.|__ex__|63||
|13.|__expan__|63||
|14.|__front__|1||
|15.|__g__|6539| @__ref__ (6539) : char:EOLhyphen (6214), char:V (35), char:punc (98), char:cmbAbbrStroke (82), char:EOLunhyphen (47), char:abque (63)|
|16.|__gap__|1421| @__reason__ (1421) : illegible (951), foreign (466), duplicate (4)  •  @__resp__ (951) : #KEYERS (951)  •  @__extent__ (955) : 1 letter (808), 2 letters (104), 3 letters (10), 1 word (12), 1 span (14), 4 letters (3), 1 page (4)|
|17.|__head__|85| @__type__ (1) : sub (1)|
|18.|__hi__|12700| @__rend__ (40) : sup (40)|
|19.|__item__|298||
|20.|__list__|59||
|21.|__note__|750| @__place__ (750) : margin (750)  •  @__n__ (57) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), * (29), † (2), ‖ (1), a (6), b (6), c (3), d (3), e (1), (a) (1), (b) (1)|
|22.|__opener__|1||
|23.|__p__|2546| @__n__ (77) : 1 (27), 2 (27), 3 (14), 4 (4), 5 (3), 6 (1), 7 (1)|
|24.|__pb__|761| @__facs__ (761) : tcp:40455:1 (1), tcp:40455:2 (2), tcp:40455:3 (2), tcp:40455:4 (2), tcp:40455:5 (2), tcp:40455:6 (2), tcp:40455:7 (2), tcp:40455:8 (2), tcp:40455:9 (2), tcp:40455:10 (2), tcp:40455:11 (2), tcp:40455:12 (2), tcp:40455:13 (2), tcp:40455:14 (2), tcp:40455:15 (2), tcp:40455:16 (2), tcp:40455:17 (2), tcp:40455:18 (2), tcp:40455:19 (2), tcp:40455:20 (2), tcp:40455:21 (2), tcp:40455:22 (2), tcp:40455:23 (2), tcp:40455:24 (2), tcp:40455:25 (2), tcp:40455:26 (2), tcp:40455:27 (2), tcp:40455:28 (2), tcp:40455:29 (2), tcp:40455:30 (2), tcp:40455:31 (2), tcp:40455:32 (2), tcp:40455:33 (2), tcp:40455:34 (2), tcp:40455:35 (2), tcp:40455:36 (2), tcp:40455:37 (2), tcp:40455:38 (2), tcp:40455:39 (2), tcp:40455:40 (2), tcp:40455:41 (2), tcp:40455:42 (2), tcp:40455:43 (2), tcp:40455:44 (2), tcp:40455:45 (2), tcp:40455:46 (2), tcp:40455:47 (2), tcp:40455:48 (2), tcp:40455:49 (2), tcp:40455:50 (2), tcp:40455:51 (2), tcp:40455:52 (2), tcp:40455:53 (2), tcp:40455:54 (2), tcp:40455:55 (2), tcp:40455:56 (2), tcp:40455:57 (2), tcp:40455:58 (2), tcp:40455:59 (2), tcp:40455:60 (2), tcp:40455:61 (2), tcp:40455:62 (2), tcp:40455:63 (2), tcp:40455:64 (2), tcp:40455:65 (2), tcp:40455:66 (2), tcp:40455:67 (2), tcp:40455:68 (2), tcp:40455:69 (2), tcp:40455:70 (2), tcp:40455:71 (2), tcp:40455:72 (2), tcp:40455:73 (2), tcp:40455:74 (2), tcp:40455:75 (2), tcp:40455:76 (2), tcp:40455:77 (2), tcp:40455:78 (2), tcp:40455:79 (2), tcp:40455:80 (2), tcp:40455:81 (2), tcp:40455:82 (2), tcp:40455:83 (2), tcp:40455:84 (2), tcp:40455:85 (2), tcp:40455:86 (2), tcp:40455:87 (2), tcp:40455:88 (2), tcp:40455:89 (2), tcp:40455:90 (2), tcp:40455:91 (2), tcp:40455:92 (2), tcp:40455:93 (2), tcp:40455:94 (2), tcp:40455:95 (2), tcp:40455:96 (2), tcp:40455:97 (2), tcp:40455:98 (2), tcp:40455:99 (2), tcp:40455:100 (2), tcp:40455:101 (2), tcp:40455:102 (2), tcp:40455:103 (2), tcp:40455:104 (2), tcp:40455:105 (2), tcp:40455:106 (2), tcp:40455:107 (2), tcp:40455:108 (2), tcp:40455:109 (2), tcp:40455:110 (2), tcp:40455:111 (2), tcp:40455:112 (2), tcp:40455:113 (2), tcp:40455:114 (2), tcp:40455:115 (2), tcp:40455:116 (2), tcp:40455:117 (2), tcp:40455:118 (2), tcp:40455:119 (2), tcp:40455:120 (2), tcp:40455:121 (2), tcp:40455:122 (2), tcp:40455:123 (2), tcp:40455:124 (2), tcp:40455:125 (2), tcp:40455:126 (2), tcp:40455:127 (2), tcp:40455:128 (2), tcp:40455:129 (2), tcp:40455:130 (2), tcp:40455:131 (2), tcp:40455:132 (2), tcp:40455:133 (2), tcp:40455:134 (2), tcp:40455:135 (2), tcp:40455:136 (2), tcp:40455:137 (2), tcp:40455:138 (2), tcp:40455:139 (2), tcp:40455:140 (2), tcp:40455:141 (2), tcp:40455:142 (2), tcp:40455:143 (2), tcp:40455:144 (2), tcp:40455:145 (2), tcp:40455:146 (2), tcp:40455:147 (2), tcp:40455:148 (2), tcp:40455:149 (2), tcp:40455:150 (2), tcp:40455:151 (2), tcp:40455:152 (2), tcp:40455:153 (2), tcp:40455:154 (2), tcp:40455:155 (2), tcp:40455:156 (2), tcp:40455:157 (2), tcp:40455:158 (2), tcp:40455:159 (2), tcp:40455:160 (2), tcp:40455:161 (2), tcp:40455:162 (2), tcp:40455:163 (2), tcp:40455:164 (2), tcp:40455:165 (2), tcp:40455:166 (2), tcp:40455:167 (2), tcp:40455:168 (2), tcp:40455:169 (2), tcp:40455:170 (2), tcp:40455:171 (2), tcp:40455:172 (2), tcp:40455:173 (2), tcp:40455:174 (2), tcp:40455:175 (2), tcp:40455:176 (2), tcp:40455:177 (2), tcp:40455:178 (2), tcp:40455:179 (2), tcp:40455:180 (2), tcp:40455:181 (2), tcp:40455:182 (2), tcp:40455:183 (2), tcp:40455:184 (2), tcp:40455:185 (2), tcp:40455:186 (2), tcp:40455:187 (2), tcp:40455:188 (2), tcp:40455:189 (2), tcp:40455:190 (2), tcp:40455:191 (2), tcp:40455:192 (2), tcp:40455:193 (2), tcp:40455:194 (2), tcp:40455:195 (2), tcp:40455:196 (2), tcp:40455:197 (2), tcp:40455:198 (2), tcp:40455:199 (2), tcp:40455:200 (2), tcp:40455:201 (2), tcp:40455:202 (2), tcp:40455:203 (2), tcp:40455:204 (2), tcp:40455:205 (2), tcp:40455:206 (2), tcp:40455:207 (2), tcp:40455:208 (2), tcp:40455:209 (2), tcp:40455:210 (2), tcp:40455:211 (2), tcp:40455:212 (2), tcp:40455:213 (2), tcp:40455:214 (2), tcp:40455:215 (2), tcp:40455:216 (2), tcp:40455:217 (2), tcp:40455:218 (2), tcp:40455:219 (2), tcp:40455:220 (2), tcp:40455:221 (2), tcp:40455:222 (2), tcp:40455:223 (2), tcp:40455:224 (2), tcp:40455:225 (2), tcp:40455:226 (2), tcp:40455:227 (2), tcp:40455:228 (2), tcp:40455:229 (2), tcp:40455:230 (2), tcp:40455:231 (2), tcp:40455:232 (2), tcp:40455:233 (2), tcp:40455:234 (2), tcp:40455:235 (2), tcp:40455:236 (2), tcp:40455:237 (2), tcp:40455:238 (2), tcp:40455:239 (2), tcp:40455:240 (2), tcp:40455:241 (2), tcp:40455:242 (2), tcp:40455:243 (2), tcp:40455:244 (2), tcp:40455:245 (2), tcp:40455:246 (2), tcp:40455:247 (2), tcp:40455:248 (2), tcp:40455:249 (2), tcp:40455:250 (2), tcp:40455:251 (2), tcp:40455:252 (2), tcp:40455:253 (2), tcp:40455:254 (2), tcp:40455:255 (2), tcp:40455:256 (2), tcp:40455:257 (2), tcp:40455:258 (2), tcp:40455:259 (2), tcp:40455:260 (2), tcp:40455:261 (2), tcp:40455:262 (2), tcp:40455:263 (2), tcp:40455:264 (2), tcp:40455:265 (2), tcp:40455:266 (2), tcp:40455:267 (2), tcp:40455:268 (2), tcp:40455:269 (2), tcp:40455:270 (2), tcp:40455:271 (2), tcp:40455:272 (2), tcp:40455:273 (2), tcp:40455:274 (2), tcp:40455:275 (2), tcp:40455:276 (2), tcp:40455:277 (2), tcp:40455:278 (2), tcp:40455:279 (2), tcp:40455:280 (2), tcp:40455:281 (2), tcp:40455:282 (2), tcp:40455:283 (2), tcp:40455:284 (2), tcp:40455:285 (2), tcp:40455:286 (2), tcp:40455:287 (2), tcp:40455:288 (2), tcp:40455:289 (2), tcp:40455:290 (2), tcp:40455:291 (2), tcp:40455:292 (2), tcp:40455:293 (2), tcp:40455:294 (2), tcp:40455:295 (2), tcp:40455:296 (2), tcp:40455:297 (2), tcp:40455:298 (2), tcp:40455:299 (2), tcp:40455:300 (2), tcp:40455:301 (2), tcp:40455:302 (2), tcp:40455:303 (2), tcp:40455:304 (2), tcp:40455:305 (2), tcp:40455:306 (2), tcp:40455:307 (2), tcp:40455:308 (2), tcp:40455:309 (2), tcp:40455:310 (2), tcp:40455:311 (2), tcp:40455:312 (2), tcp:40455:313 (2), tcp:40455:314 (2), tcp:40455:315 (2), tcp:40455:316 (2), tcp:40455:317 (2), tcp:40455:318 (2), tcp:40455:319 (2), tcp:40455:320 (2), tcp:40455:321 (2), tcp:40455:322 (2), tcp:40455:323 (2), tcp:40455:324 (2), tcp:40455:325 (2), tcp:40455:326 (2), tcp:40455:327 (2), tcp:40455:328 (2), tcp:40455:329 (2), tcp:40455:330 (2), tcp:40455:331 (2), tcp:40455:332 (2), tcp:40455:333 (2), tcp:40455:334 (2), tcp:40455:335 (2), tcp:40455:336 (2), tcp:40455:337 (2), tcp:40455:338 (2), tcp:40455:339 (2), tcp:40455:340 (2), tcp:40455:341 (2), tcp:40455:342 (2), tcp:40455:343 (2), tcp:40455:344 (2), tcp:40455:345 (2), tcp:40455:346 (2), tcp:40455:347 (2), tcp:40455:348 (2), tcp:40455:349 (2), tcp:40455:350 (2), tcp:40455:351 (2), tcp:40455:352 (2), tcp:40455:353 (2), tcp:40455:354 (2), tcp:40455:355 (2), tcp:40455:356 (2), tcp:40455:357 (2), tcp:40455:358 (2), tcp:40455:359 (2), tcp:40455:360 (2), tcp:40455:361 (2), tcp:40455:362 (2), tcp:40455:363 (2), tcp:40455:364 (2), tcp:40455:365 (2), tcp:40455:366 (2), tcp:40455:367 (2), tcp:40455:368 (2), tcp:40455:369 (2), tcp:40455:370 (2), tcp:40455:371 (2), tcp:40455:372 (2), tcp:40455:373 (2), tcp:40455:374 (2), tcp:40455:375 (2), tcp:40455:376 (2), tcp:40455:377 (2), tcp:40455:378 (2), tcp:40455:379 (2), tcp:40455:380 (2), tcp:40455:381 (2)  •  @__rendition__ (15) : simple:additions (15)  •  @__n__ (727) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1), 8 (1), 9 (1), 10 (1), 11 (1), 12 (1), 13 (1), 14 (1), 15 (1), 16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 30 (1), 31 (1), 32 (1), 33 (1), 34 (1), 35 (1), 36 (1), 37 (1), 38 (1), 39 (1), 40 (1), 41 (1), 42 (1), 43 (1), 44 (1), 45 (1), 46 (1), 47 (1), 48 (1), 49 (1), 50 (1), 51 (1), 62 (2), 53 (1), 54 (1), 55 (1), 56 (1), 57 (1), 58 (1), 59 (1), 60 (1), 61 (1), 63 (1), 64 (1), 65 (1), 66 (1), 67 (1), 68 (1), 69 (1), 70 (1), 71 (1), 72 (1), 73 (1), 74 (1), 75 (1), 76 (1), 77 (1), 78 (1), 79 (1), 80 (1), 81 (1), 82 (1), 83 (1), 84 (1), 85 (1), 86 (1), 87 (1), 88 (1), 89 (1), 90 (1), 91 (1), 92 (1), 93 (1), 94 (1), 95 (1), 96 (1), 97 (1), 98 (1), 99 (1), 100 (1), 101 (1), 102 (1), 103 (1), 104 (1), 105 (1), 106 (1), 107 (1), 108 (1), 109 (1), 110 (1), 111 (1), 112 (1), 113 (1), 114 (1), 115 (1), 116 (1), 117 (1), 118 (1), 119 (1), 120 (1), 121 (1), 122 (1), 123 (1), 124 (1), 125 (1), 126 (1), 127 (1), 128 (1), 129 (1), 130 (1), 131 (1), 132 (1), 133 (1), 134 (1), 135 (1), 136 (1), 137 (1), 138 (1), 139 (1), 140 (1), 141 (1), 142 (1), 143 (1), 144 (1), 145 (1), 146 (1), 147 (1), 148 (1), 149 (1), 150 (1), 151 (1), 152 (1), 153 (1), 154 (1), 155 (1), 156 (1), 157 (1), 158 (1), 159 (1), 160 (1), 161 (1), 162 (1), 163 (1), 164 (1), 165 (1), 166 (1), 167 (1), 168 (1), 169 (1), 170 (1), 171 (1), 172 (1), 173 (1), 174 (1), 175 (1), 176 (1), 177 (1), 178 (1), 179 (1), 180 (1), 181 (1), 182 (1), 183 (1), 184 (1), 185 (1), 186 (1), 187 (1), 188 (1), 189 (1), 190 (1), 191 (1), 192 (1), 193 (1), 194 (1), 195 (1), 196 (1), 197 (1), 198 (1), 199 (1), 200 (1), 201 (1), 202 (1), 203 (1), 204 (1), 205 (1), 206 (1), 207 (1), 208 (1), 209 (1), 210 (1), 211 (1), 212 (1), 213 (1), 214 (1), 215 (1), 216 (1), 217 (1), 218 (1), 219 (1), 220 (1), 221 (1), 222 (1), 223 (1), 224 (1), 225 (1), 226 (1), 227 (1), 228 (1), 229 (1), 230 (1), 231 (1), 232 (1), 233 (1), 234 (1), 235 (1), 236 (1), 237 (1), 238 (1), 239 (1), 240 (1), 241 (1), 242 (1), 243 (1), 244 (1), 245 (1), 246 (1), 247 (1), 248 (1), 249 (1), 250 (1), 251 (1), 252 (1), 253 (1), 254 (1), 255 (1), 256 (1), 257 (1), 258 (1), 259 (1), 260 (1), 261 (1), 262 (1), 263 (1), 264 (1), 265 (1), 266 (1), 267 (1), 268 (1), 269 (1), 270 (1), 271 (1), 272 (1), 273 (1), 274 (1), 275 (1), 276 (1), 277 (1), 278 (1), 279 (1), 280 (1), 281 (1), 282 (1), 283 (1), 284 (1), 285 (2), 286 (1), 287 (1), 288 (1), 289 (1), 290 (1), 291 (1), 292 (1), 293 (1), 294 (1), 295 (1), 296 (1), 297 (1), 298 (1), 299 (1), 300 (1), 301 (1), 302 (1), 303 (1), 304 (1), 305 (1), 306 (1), 307 (1), 308 (1), 309 (1), 310 (1), 311 (1), 312 (1), 313 (1), 314 (1), 315 (1), 316 (1), 317 (1), 318 (1), 319 (1), 320 (1), 321 (1), 322 (1), 323 (1), 324 (1), 325 (1), 326 (1), 327 (1), 328 (1), 329 (1), 330 (1), 331 (1), 332 (1), 333 (1), 334 (1), 335 (1), 336 (1), 337 (1), 338 (1), 339 (1), 340 (1), 341 (1), 342 (1), 343 (1), 344 (1), 345 (1), 346 (1), 347 (1), 348 (1), 349 (1), 350 (1), 351 (1), 352 (1), 353 (1), 354 (1), 355 (1), 356 (1), 357 (1), 358 (1), 359 (1), 360 (1), 361 (1), 362 (1), 363 (1), 364 (1), 365 (1), 366 (1), 367 (1), 368 (1), 369 (1), 370 (1), 371 (1), 372 (1), 373 (1), 374 (1), 375 (1), 376 (1), 377 (1), 378 (1), 379 (1), 380 (1), 381 (1), 382 (1), 383 (1), 384 (1), 386 (1), 387 (1), 388 (1), 389 (1), 390 (1), 391 (1), 392 (1), 393 (1), 394 (1), 395 (1), 396 (1), 397 (1), 398 (1), 399 (1), 400 (1), 401 (1), 402 (1), 403 (1), 404 (1), 405 (1), 406 (1), 407 (1), 408 (1), 409 (1), 410 (1), 411 (1), 412 (1), 413 (1), 414 (1), 415 (1), 416 (1), 417 (1), 418 (2), 419 (1), 420 (1), 421 (1), 422 (1), 423 (1), 424 (1), 425 (1), 426 (1), 427 (1), 428 (1), 429 (1), 430 (1), 431 (1), 432 (1), 433 (1), 434 (1), 435 (1), 436 (1), 437 (1), 438 (1), 439 (1), 440 (1), 441 (1), 442 (1), 443 (1), 444 (1), 445 (1), 446 (1), 447 (1), 448 (1), 449 (1), 450 (1), 451 (1), 452 (1), 453 (1), 454 (1), 455 (1), 456 (1), 457 (1), 458 (2), 459 (2), 460 (1), 461 (1), 462 (1), 463 (1), 464 (1), 465 (1), 466 (1), 467 (1), 468 (1), 469 (1), 470 (1), 471 (1), 472 (1), 473 (1), 474 (1), 475 (1), 476 (1), 477 (1), 478 (1), 479 (1), 480 (1), 481 (1), 482 (1), 483 (1), 484 (1), 485 (1), 486 (1), 487 (1), 488 (1), 489 (1), 490 (1), 491 (1), 492 (1), 493 (1), 494 (1), 495 (1), 496 (1), 497 (1), 498 (1), 499 (1), 500 (1), 501 (1), 502 (1), 503 (1), 504 (1), 505 (1), 506 (1), 507 (1), 508 (1), 509 (1), 510 (1), 511 (1), 512 (1), 513 (1), 514 (1), 515 (1), 516 (1), 517 (1), 519 (1), 520 (1), 521 (1), 522 (1), 523 (1), 524 (1), 525 (1), 526 (1), 527 (1), 528 (1), 529 (1), 530 (1), 531 (1), 532 (1), 533 (1), 534 (1), 535 (1), 536 (1), 537 (1), 538 (1), 539 (1), 540 (1), 541 (1), 542 (1), 543 (1), 544 (1), 545 (1), 546 (1), 547 (1), 548 (1), 549 (1), 550 (1), 551 (1), 552 (1), 553 (1), 554 (1), 555 (1), 556 (1), 557 (1), 558 (1), 559 (1), 560 (1), 561 (1), 562 (1), 563 (1), 564 (1), 565 (1), 566 (1), 567 (1), 568 (1), 569 (1), 570 (1), 571 (1), 572 (1), 573 (1), 574 (1), 575 (1), 576 (1), 579 (1), 580 (1), 581 (1), 582 (1), 583 (1), 584 (1), 585 (1), 586 (1), 587 (1), 588 (1), 589 (1), 590 (1), 591 (1), 592 (1), 593 (1), 594 (1), 595 (1), 596 (1), 597 (1), 598 (1), 599 (1), 600 (1), 601 (1), 602 (1), 603 (1), 604 (1), 605 (1), 606 (1), 607 (1), 608 (1), 609 (2), 610 (1), 611 (1), 612 (1), 613 (1), 614 (1), 615 (1), 616 (1), 617 (1), 618 (1), 619 (1), 620 (1), 621 (1), 622 (1), 623 (1), 624 (1), 625 (1), 626 (1), 627 (1), 628 (1), 629 (1), 630 (1), 631 (1), 632 (1), 633 (1), 634 (1), 635 (1), 636 (1), 637 (1), 638 (1), 639 (1), 640 (1), 641 (1), 642 (1), 643 (1), 644 (1), 645 (1), 646 (1), 647 (1), 648 (1), 649 (1), 650 (1), 651 (1), 652 (1), 653 (1), 654 (1), 655 (1), 656 (1), 657 (1), 658 (1), 659 (1), 660 (1), 661 (1), 662 (1), 663 (1), 664 (2), 665 (2), 666 (1), 667 (1), 668 (1), 669 (1), 670 (1), 671 (1), 672 (1), 673 (1), 674 (1), 675 (1), 676 (1), 677 (1), 678 (1), 679 (1), 680 (1), 681 (1), 682 (1), 683 (1), 684 (1), 685 (1), 686 (1), 687 (1), 688 (1), 689 (1), 690 (1), 691 (1), 692 (1), 693 (1), 694 (1), 695 (1), 696 (1), 697 (1), 698 (1), 699 (1), 700 (1), 701 (1), 702 (1), 703 (1), 704 (1), 705 (1), 706 (1), 707 (1), 708 (1), 710 (1), 711 (1), 712 (1), 713 (1), 714 (1), 715 (1), 716 (1), 717 (1), 718 (1), 719 (1), 720 (1), 721 (1), 722 (1), 723 (1), 724 (1), 725 (1)|
|25.|__q__|221||
|26.|__row__|714||
|27.|__salute__|1||
|28.|__seg__|6| @__rend__ (6) : decorInit (6)|
|29.|__signed__|1||
|30.|__table__|58||
|31.|__trailer__|2||
